FLS sensitivity
Notes by Lizzie

<><><><><>
8 May 2020
<><><><><>
Some edits in tex and some %emw8May2020 comments

Q1. Is "differential sensitivity" actually a phrase? Can one really describe two things as "differentially sensitive"? Is this brilliantly descriptive? Jargony? Just bad English?

A1. I don't like it in the title, but I think it does work once you define it (e.g., define it in abstract if you want to use it there and define again in main text). So, I think it is okay. I am not sure how else to say it beyond 'different cue responses.' A lot of people now cite the 2019 Chmura et al. Eco Monograph (now this is a paper full of bad jargon! So don't go there fully), but I think your term does fit with it, and since people seem to like the Chmura language (or perhaps it's the best we have) that's good.


Q2. Does the whole two hypotheses thing actually work? In many ways, I feel like they are two sides of the same coin. Or more specifically, that what i call "the ordered heat sums" hypothesis is just a special case of what I call the "differential sensitivity" hypothesis. Since the manuscript feels a little long and rambly, I could imagine a set-up that is a bit more focused,  testing just the differential sensitivity hypothesis, cutting the simulations and referring to the field data  in a more muted way.

A2. I see your point, and I think it will be a little trickier to write the manuscript as you have set it up *but* I also think it will be more impactful to write the manuscript as currently set up, and not that hard. So I think we should stick with it! It might be worth noting at the end of the DS hypothesis that OHS is really a special, simplified case. But these are important enough and different enough ideas that I like this set up and think we should stick to it.

Side note -- is there term 'precocity hierarchy' relevant here? It's a term Iñaki uses so might be worth checking the crop literature and referencing, parenthetically, if it's used a lot in the crop lit (just so we reference the right jargon for those who want to know if what we mean  means the same thing as their jargon). 

More notes:

Title: I like both, though the second seems more exciting (but would be best shorter, but depends on the journal, so can worry about later)

The intro and discussion need some focus on their flow and order. This is especially true for the introduction, where you have lots of good points but I was not sure on the order and there is little flow between paragraphs. I also think an issue in your intro is what your big points are and who is your audience -- is it botanists interested in FLS? Or is it climate change biologists interested in FLS? Is it both? Probably both, but you may still need to lead with the points for one audience versus trying to lead for both audiences' points. I think as currently structured this is a climate change biology paper so you need to move up those relevant points and shorten or move around other points. For the discussion I would try adding some sub-headings that state your point/aim in each section, then I think it will be easier for the reader, and easier to see what doesn't fit. 

In the intro I like the sections on the two hypotheses! But I think it could be a subheading for each hypothesis and skip the sub-sub headings. In fact, I think you can smooth the text by focusing just on the predictions for field observations, with one sentence on chambers and a little more on the cc. I show an example of this in the tex file. I think these three methods can flow more easily for readers if you don't contrast them so much. This gives readers more room to contrast the OHS and DS hypotheses in their heads. 

Figures:
- I would tidy these up soon and work on captions some. As I work a lot off figures, I can help you more when they are easier for me to interpret. 
- Fig 1: I would label on the figure ... a) ordered heat sums, b) differential sensitivity etc. 
- Fig. 3: I think you can skip the intercept (most people do generally, especially for experiments) or, if not, move it out to a separate panel above the figure rather than an inset. 
- Fig. 4: Do some grouping as we discussed.
- Fig 5: I like it's structure! I just needed more to know what to take from it. 


